so now we're both trapped in the book
congratulations let me tell you about
this place it's cold there's no running
water and things are always trying to
kill you let me go not a chance this
book we're in it's worked out quite
nicely for me I don't need you running
around changing things this is my story
and no hero gets a happy ending why
would that somehow destroy the book
let's picture afraid of isn't it doesn't
matter you brought us into the final
chapter how do you know I know because I
wrote it and I know how it ends with a
loud tolling of bells at sunset when you
hear that sound it'll mean we reach the
last page the book will end and
everything will remain exactly how I
wrote it
there we are right on time wait is that
i'll be inciting incident of this
chapter an ogre attack and you know what
they say you don't have to be faster
than the ogre you just have to be faster
than the next guy wait
the monster is dead the ogre Slayer
saved us thank you if there's anything
my family and I can do to repay you good
deeds have their own reward this comes
with no prize
you all right boy what's your name Henry
I am Rumplestiltskin tonight at your
service do you've any family around here
yeah I think so yeah then I suggest you
run home for your supper Henry because I
i have another foolish to say
you